People may want different categories of individuals to know them in different ways. As an example, we can appreciate the fact that someone may want their boss to know them in a different light than their parents or significant other. Privacy allows people to control the flow of information to all of these people in their lives, forcing them to rely on different sets of information about that person in the context relevant to them. This supports the creation of varied, equally important relationships on an individual level, supporting broader flourishing and meaningful connections. 

One instance of this is people maintaining multiple social media accounts. “Throwaway” accounts on Reddit are an extreme example, as users will make an account to only make one post, separating it from the rest of their user history out of caution and preventing [other users from knowing *anything* else about themselves](https://dl.acm.org/doi/pdf/10.1145/3359237). Users on Instagram may use “finsta” (fake Instagram) and “rinsta” (real instagram) accounts, [providing different outlooks on their lives](https://dl.acm.org/doi/pdf/10.1145/3512916), often to a cultivated, gatekept audience. The finsta accounts are often more informal, emotional, and off-beat, typically revealing more intimate and uncurated moments on a more frequent basis. The audience on a finsta is more likely to be attuned to the broader context of a user’s life and, in turn, have a different relationship with the user than someone only following that user’s rinsta.