People may change themselves and their identities over time. To facilitate this change, some safe experimentation with facets of one’s identity is needed. Privacy allows for this, providing a buffer between a public realm, where identity and perception may generally be fixed and have unwanted connotations, and a private realm, where identity may be more easily altered and exist without external connotations. In practice, the facets of one’s identity that are unknown and private to others are changeable without others being aware of the change, providing this fluidity. This is related to the separation that may exist between public and private spheres.

*Tearoom Trade* provides both an instance and a counter-example of this creation. *Tearoom Trade: Impersonal Sex in Public Places* is a book by Laud Humphreys published in 1970, exploring the methods, practices, and demographics of men who have anonymous sex with men in secluded public areas, referred to as “tearooms.” The work highlights the fact that many men in the research presented themselves as heterosexual in other facets of their life, including to their wives. By engaging with tearooms, these men are able to cultivate two contrasting identities and rework popular understandings of what it means to be homosexual. 

At the same time, Humphreys’s work relied heavily on deceit and tracking to gather data for his work. *Tearoom Trade* has been [openly critiqued](https://www.jstor.org/stable/10.3998/mpub.11519906.11) on this basis, pointing out that Humphreys openly disregarded the privacy of his research subjects by failing to inform them that they were participating in his research or that he had collected any information about their sexual behaviors. By violating these participants' privacy in this way, his work also challenges the environment of “safe experimentation” that tearooms may provide. 
